conda list --show-channel-urls
# packages in environment at /Users/david/miniconda3:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
ant                       1.9.6                         1    bioconda
asciinet                  0.4.pre.cec4d1f               1    omegacen
attrs                     21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
awsm                      0.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
backports-zoneinfo        0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
bcftools                  1.8                  h4da6232_3    bioconda
beautifulsoup4            4.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
biopython                 1.78             py38h5406a74_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38hed1de0f_1004    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               h694c41f_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.5.18.1          h033912b_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            he43a7df_1008    conda-forge
cctools_osx-64            973.0.1             h2b95895_10    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.5.18.1      py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py38h9688ba1_0    conda-forge
cfgrib                    0.9.9.1                  pypi_0    pypi
cftime                    1.5.1.1                  pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        2.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clang                     14.0.3               h694c41f_0    conda-forge
clang-14                  14.0.3          default_h55ffa42_0    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              14.0.3               h44b20d6_1    conda-forge
clangxx                   14.0.3          default_h55ffa42_0    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            14.0.3               h4be49cc_1    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
compiler-rt               14.0.3               h7fcd477_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-64        14.0.3               h6df654d_0    conda-forge
conda                     4.12.0           py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
conda-depgraph            1.2.1                         0    omegacen
conda-package-handling    1.8.1            py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
conda-tree                1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              37.0.2           py38h0f8513e_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.83.1               h372c54d_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dateparser                0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
dos2unix                  7.4.1                         0    conda-forge
eccodes                   1.3.3                    pypi_0    pypi
findlibs                  0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.94              h10f422b_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.33.3           py38h0dd4459_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h7937167_1005    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      9.3.0               h9cc0e5e_23    conda-forge
gfortran_osx-64           9.3.0               h18f7dce_15    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                hbcb3906_2    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h2e338ed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h2e338ed_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  h71c5fe9_2    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.9.1                h159f659_1    conda-forge
hisat2                    2.2.1                h4a8c4bd_2    bioconda
htslib                    1.12                 hc38c3fb_1    bioconda
humanfriendly             10.0                     pypi_0    pypi
icu                       68.2                 he49afe7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idr                       2.0.4.2          py38h41f2e2d_4    bioconda
inicheck                  0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
isl                       0.22.1               hb1e8313_2    conda-forge
java-jdk                  7.0.91                        1    bioconda
jbig                      2.1               h0d85af4_2003    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h5eb16cf_1    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.2            py38h8b7791e_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               hb49756b_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
ld64_osx-64               609                 h1e06c2b_10    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2.1                h046ec9c_0    conda-forge
libbigwig                 0.4.6                h5a3154c_2    bioconda
libblas                   3.9.0           14_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           14_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp14            14.0.3          default_h55ffa42_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h372c54d_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.3               hc203e6f_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  h35c211d_5    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h046ec9c_2    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libgfortran-devel_osx-64  9.3.0               h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libglib                   2.68.4               hd556434_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 haf1e3a3_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           14_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.3               h41df66c_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h942079c_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.20          openmp_hb3cd9ec_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h7cec526_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               h52ee1ee_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                h1167814_1    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h35c211d_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h28dabe5_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h0d85af4_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h93ec3fd_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            h6c3fc93_1014    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.3               ha654fa7_0    conda-forge
llvm-tools                14.0.3               h41df66c_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h22f3db7_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2            py38h50d1736_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2            py38h1b6b9d1_0    conda-forge
memory_profiler           0.58.0                     py_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.2.1                hbb51d92_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.1.0                h0f52abe_1    conda-forge
msgpack-python            0.6.2            py38ha1b3eb9_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h0f02589_1007    conda-forge
natsort                   8.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h96cf925_1    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.8                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.22.3           py38h7eae8df_2    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.9.1             hcf210ce_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1o               hfe4f2af_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.5            py38he9f00de_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.48.10              ha05cd14_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 he49afe7_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                ha16e1b2_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h0d85af4_perl5    conda-forge
pillow                    9.1.1            py38h21af888_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.1            py38h0dd4459_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py38hed1de0f_1010    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pykrige                   1.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38h50d1736_5    conda-forge
python                    3.8.3                h26836e1_1    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python.app                2                       py38_10    defaults
python_abi                3.8                      2_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2017.3                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz-deprecation-shim     0.1.0.post0              pypi_0    pypi
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r40hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.5                h410e534_2    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r40hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.3.0             r40h8619c4b_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r40h28b5c78_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   1.0.3             r40h0f1d5c4_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r40h0f1d5c4_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r40h0f1d5c4_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.7.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r40hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r40hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r40hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.8.3           r40hc4bb905_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r40h8a02945_4    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r40hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.0.2             r40hc4bb905_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.1.7             r40h67d6963_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.2             r40h28b5c78_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.4.1             r40hc4bb905_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h05e3726_0    conda-forge
regex                     2021.11.10               pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py38h96a0964_1006    conda-forge
scipy                     1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                59.8.0           py38h50d1736_1    conda-forge
setuptools-scm            4.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
setuptools_scm            4.1.2                         0    conda-forge
sigtool                   0.1.3                h57ddcff_0    conda-forge
siphon                    0.9                      pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smrf-dev                  0.11.8.dev3+g465d42c          pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
spatialnc                 0.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.38.5               hd9f0692_0    conda-forge
sra-tools                 2.8.0                         0    bioconda
statsmodels               0.13.0           py38hbe852b5_0    conda-forge
subread                   2.0.1                h188c3c3_1    bioconda
tapi                      1100.0.11            h9ce4665_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h5dbffcc_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h49f0cf7_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
topocalc                  0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.1              py38hed1de0f_3    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.64.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021.5                   pypi_0    pypi
tzlocal                   4.1                      pypi_0    pypi
ucsc-getrna               377                  h516baf0_1    bioconda
ucsc-mrnatogene           377                  h516baf0_1    bioconda
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py38hed1de0f_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.9             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
utm                       0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
weather-forecast-retrieval 0.830                    pypi_0    pypi
wiggletools               1.2.11               h70bc3cb_0    bioconda
xarray                    0.15.1                     py_0    conda-forge
xlrd                      2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
xlutils                   2.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
xlwt                      1.3.0                      py_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h6c3fc93_1014    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                ha9df2e0_1    conda-forge